Leave Travel Allowance (LTA):
LTA exemption can be claimed when an employee
leave to any place in India alone or with his family. Such exemption is limited
to the extent of actual travel costs incurred by the employee. The total cost
of the holidays is not covered, only the travelling cost is covered. 
Travel within India only allowed- Travel
has to be undertaken within India and overseas destinations are not covered for
exemption. 
The tax rules provide for an exemption
only in respect of two journeys performed in a block of four calendar years.
The current block runs from 2014-2017. If an individual does not use their
exemption during any block on any one or on both occasions, their exemption can
be carried over to the next block and used in the calendar year immediately
following that block. 
For more details you can contact payroll.
In order to avail this benefit, please write to payroll while
sending the declaration at the start of the year.
Axis Bank Meal Cards:
Employees can avail Axis Bank Meal cards for
tax saving, maximum amount is 2600 per month and minimum is 1100 per month. In
order to avail this benefit, employees has to raise a request in ERMS for the
amount they would like to get Meal card. The amount you opted will be deducted
from your salary and paid to you as Meal card..
For any queries related to Meal Cards you can
reach out to Meghna Agarwal.
Fuel & Telephone/Internet Bills Reimbursements:
Employees with > 10 L Salary is
eligible to claim this benefit. Based on your declaration Max of 7K (5K -Fuel & 2K-Mobile & Internet charges) will be
deducted every month from your salary and paid quarterly after submission of
valid bills. In case of rejected bills, tax will be deducted and rest amount will
be credited to your accounts.  These are business expenses & scrutinized by payroll vendor to meet the eye of any audit by tax officials.  While certain leeway is granted - cases such as other family member's vehicle, out of station bills etc., will be an issue. 
Following are some guidelines for
submission of this bills.
1.       Request you to prepare the
bill wise statement with Sl.No & Amount. 
2.       Bills:
·        
All the bills should be dated in that particular quarter
only. 
·        
Bills has to be submitted before 15th of every
Quarter to HR. HR will not accept bills after due date. 
·        
Outstation employees can courier the bills to HR. 
·        
HR will acknowledge the bills received in ERMS (Enhancement in Progress).
·        
Payroll will send an acknowledgement of bills received by 16th
of every quarter after validating them.
·        
Payroll will communicate to employees in case of any rejected
bills and will not accept any further bills as replacement for the rejected
bills
·        
Reimbursement will be credited to accounts between 18th
-25th.
3.       Computerized fuel bills
will be accepted without Vehicle number & owners name on it. For Manual
bills please try to get them with Vehicle number. 
4.       Ensure to avoid abnormal
bills (Rs 4000 & above).
5.       In some cases the Internet
bill is paid for 06 months, ensure to only claim for 03 months amount and the
balance can be claimed in the next quarter (this is an exception to Sl.No 02)
6.       Please avoid including
bills that are not the part of the reimbursement.
7.       Outstation fuel bills will
not be accepted.
 
Due Dates for Submission



Period


Due date for Submission




Q1 – April to June


Before 10th July.




Q2 – (July to Sep )


Before 10th October




Q3 –  (Oct to Dec)


Before 10th January 




Q4 –  (Jan to Mar )


Before 31st March 



 If you have any additional questions, please discuss with payroll admin.
 
 