Laptop Retention
PolicyØ  Employees
more than 4 years tenure at AIS and has been using the same laptop for more
than 4 years, could opt to retain their existing laptop.Ø  AIS
would provide Subsidy on the price of the laptop. As of January 2024, the final
price post subsidy is Rs 7,500Ø  Employee
must visit Hyderabad office for laptop retention and getting new laptop.Ø  Employee
should request for new laptop for Official purpose. Eligibility Criteria for Laptop Retention Eligibility Criteria for Employee:Ø  An
AIS employee, whose tenure is at least 4 years, or more is eligible for Laptop
Retention. Ø  AIS
contractors are not eligible. Eligibility Criteria for Laptop:Ø  The
employee must use the laptop for more than 4 years straight. Laptop Swapping:Ø  Employee
“Must” visit Hyderabad office to retain existing laptop and get new laptop.Ø  If
employee cannot visit Hyderabad office, then Laptop cannot be retained. All the above criteria must be fulfilled. If either one is not
fulfilled, then laptop cannot be retained. Complete Procedure Steps to be followed by Employee.Ø  Validate
if you and the laptop, both fulfills the eligibility criteria.Ø  Obtain
approval from the appropriate team / personnel to retain the old laptop and
follow the necessary protocol.Ø  You
“Must” visit Hyderabad office to retain your existing laptop and get a new
laptop.Ø  Raise
an Incident on Service Now for Laptop Retention.Ø  The
AIS IT team would connect with you and follow the necessary protocol.Ø  Upload
all your laptop’s data on AIS OneDrive, before visiting officeØ  Once
you receive the new laptop, please “Confirm” that laptop received on ERMS
first.Ø  Configure
the new laptop and confirm that you can see your data on OneDrive on new
laptop.Ø  Once
confirmed, handover the old laptop to IT Team.Ø  Using
“KillDisk” the IT team would do the scrubbing of your old laptop and wipe off
all the AIS resources and data. The drives would be scrubbed, and OS would be
removed.Ø  Once
done, laptop will be handed over to you.Ø  Please
initiate Laptop Return on ERMSØ  A
final handover of the laptop (with the laptop details) and your acceptance of
the same should be provided over email, for official documentation purpose. Steps to be followed by the AIS IT / Inventory TeamØ  Laptop
Retention Request received.Ø 
Validate if employee and laptop both
fulfill the eligibility criteria.Ø 
Confirm if employee is visiting
Hyderabad office for Laptop Retention and getting new laptop.Ø 
Assign a new laptop to the employee
and update in ERMS.Ø 
Assist employee to configure new laptop.Ø 
Once he has confirmed all his data
visible on new laptop, using Kill disk, scrub off the old laptop. Device should
be removed from AIS organization. The drives should be scrubbed, and OS should
be removed.Ø 
Remove the device from Intune Device
list, then Remove Intune Device Hash File (Autopilot), and then Remove Azure AD
Device list (In this sequence only)Ø 
Update the AIS Asset InventoryØ 
Once done perform a final check on the
laptop.Ø 
Remove the laptop details from AIS
inventory.Ø 
Handover the laptop to employee and
get email confirmation.Ø 
Update all the details on the request.
(Old laptop, new laptop serial numbers, activity performed etc.)Ø 
Close the Request Post Laptop Retention: For EmployeeØ 
Please initiate Laptop Return on ERMSØ 
The laptop completely belongs to you,
and it is your asset. It is not an asset of AIS anymore.Ø 
No Operating System will be provided
on the laptop.Ø 
That Laptop Serial Number would be
removed from AIS Inventory and AIS Azure Organization. It won’t be a part of
AIS anymore.Ø 
The laptop won’t be supported by AIS
further. For AIS IT / InventoryØ 
Remove Laptop details from AIS
inventory, and all Azure entries.Ø 
Get the laptop Return done from the
Employee on ERMSØ 
No support shall be provided for
retained laptops. Conclusion:Ø  Laptop
Retention is for the benefit of Employee, that AIS is leveraging.Ø  With
proper procedures and steps, the entire process is well defined. Ø  AIS
has the right to Change/Modify/Remove this Policy, at its sole discretion. Ø  For
any queries, please contact HR.       
 