The Separation from the services of the company could be due to:1. Resignation from the services of the company2. Termination of the services by the company3.  Death of the Staff member Employment
with the Company is for no specific period. 
Thus, either you or the Company is free to terminate the employment
relationship for any reason, without cause by giving 2 months’ notice period or
by payment of salary in lieu of this notice period.  Since we plan projects based on new hires, the
policy is effective to employees who are yet to join.  If termination is for
performance reasons or violation of this employment agreement, company is not
liable for paid notice.  In case of
former, a written 30-day notice will be provided to employees. Any Employee who wishes to separate from the employment has to submit his/her resignation letter in writing to his Reporting Manager and HR Business Partner. The employee who has submitted their resignation will be relieved on completion of notice period. However management may relieve such employee, at any time, during the notice period, at its sole discretion. The employee, upon submission of resignation, will serve the company during the notice period or till the date the Company decides to relieve him/her. The recovery of salary in lieu of notice period will be at the sole discretion of the company. Employee Must attend Exit interview in AIS -Hyderabad Office. Please attend exit
meeting as per the schedule.As a part of process:
Make sure all your personal &
     Sensitive data is deleted from your Laptop.
Remove passwords to laptop if any.
Handover all the company assets for
     example: Laptop, adapter, mouse, keyboard, locker keys, VPN token, ID
     card, Insurance card, external storage devices etc..
Fill in timesheets and get them
     approved by manager.
Make sure all your profile
     information(address, email Id, phone numbers) is accurate in portal, this
     will be referred to all future communications.
Return books to library if taken.
Submit all the supporting
     documents(Ex. Rent receipts, Insurance etc..)  for Income tax, final
     settlement will be based on the provided documents to payroll.Documents:

Final settlement will be processed in
     1 Month’s time.
Positive or Negative Leave balance
     will be adjusted in final settlement.
Experience letter (EL) will be issued
     after final settlement has been processed, You may contact Meghna for the
     updates on the same. EL will be handed over in person or can be couriered
     as per your convenience.
Company will not undertake withdrawal
     /Transfer of PF, however, you can contact payroll for any help.  HR
     can provide you signatures required.
HR will help you in taking any
     background verifications calls from your future employers. You can provide
     Meghna.Agarwal@appliedis.com for email verifications. We are  also available on 040-41325501
     /040-30260500
 