Our employees are an extremely valuable source of bringing best-class talent to the company. After all, who has a better understanding of our company and its culture, clients and services, than AIS employees? In fact, our studies show employee-referred hires exhibit the best performance, long-term growth potential, and highest retention rate among new hires. AIS employees who refer friends, family and colleagues to AIS for employment can receive cash awards. The conditions of the policy are outlined below. All employees of AIS are eligible to participate in the referral program with the following exceptions:Executive Management•Hiring Managers•Recruiting Managers•HR Managers•All referrals must be entered into the ERMS site to ensure award. Please see the procedure section below for specifics.•The award amount has been predetermined by AIS executives throughout the company and is based on the seniority of the candidate. BonusSeniority Determination10,000 for 3-5 years of experience20,000 for 5 – 10 years of experience50,000 for > 10 years of experience•Award payments are income and are therefore subject to the taxes. •The award is paid out the first pay period after the referral has passed his/her initial 30 day employment period.•If the referring employee’s employment is terminated for any reason prior to the referral being hired or during their 1 month period, the bonus is forfeited by the referring employee.•An employee needs to be working with the company to be eligible for the referral bonus. •There is no limit to the number of referrals an employee can make, nor is there a limit on the number of times an employee can receive an award bonus, provided all the rules of the Program are met.•Employees may and are encouraged to refer a candidate even if there is not a published position that matches their particular skills. The job requisitions that are published are for active positions, but AIS is always searching for sources of new talent. In the event a position is not available for your referral the resume, along with the referral information, is maintained in a database for future searches. Employees are still eligible to receive an award if the referral is hired at a later point in time and completes the initial 30-day period of employment.•Occasionally, Executive Management may authorize the payment of an additional bonus on top of the posted payment structure for positions that have remained opened for a considerable time and/or are deemed difficult to fill. •Executive Management reserves the right to change or cancel this policy at any time.