Updated: 04/18/2023- Temporary SuspensionHere are the details of the temporary suspension: 
The
     suspension of these programs is effective today. 
Purchases
     made between January 1st – April 17th (INR 2500) will be reimbursed.
Any
     purchases made on or after April 18th will not be eligible for
     reimbursement.
The
     program suspension will last for at least 12 months. 
 We recognize the popularity of these programs, and the
decision to suspend them was not made lightly. But suspending these programs
will help us reduce the number of employees who may lose their roles, which is
the most important thing we can do now.Updated:
06/03/2021 - expand to cover fitness/WFH equipment
Starting 4/1,
Employees can claim up to Rs.7,500 per quarter towards wellness allowance.
 Employees who join during the quarter will be able to claim on pro-rata
basis (Rs.2500 per month). These expenses could be from fitness classes, any equipment, and/or
content.  Employees can buy chairs/fitness equipment/earphones (upgraded from what we offer) etc. in that allowance.
Reimbursement claims
(with proper receipts) should be submitted in ERMS during the quarter(before 30th/31st of any month).
 These will be processed with the next cycle (generally, the 15th of the following
month).If the receipts are shared after the quarter then it will not be considered.
 The due date for Submission of Fitness/Wellness bills each Quarter,

 

Q1 – April to June

 

Before 30th June.

 

Q2 – (July to Sept )

 

Before 30th Sept

 

Q3 –  (Oct to Dec)

 

Before 31st Dec

 

Q4 –  (Jan to Mar )

 

Before 31st March 
Note : If an employee miss to raise a request or apply for fitness reimbursement in any quarter, it will not be considered in the next quarter reimbursements. Old
policy
To
promote and maintain a healthy employee population, AIS encourages its Employees
to opt for fitness programs. Employees can claim up to Rs 500 per month for
payments towards monthly fees or trainers fees. Please raise reimbursement
requests in ERMS, and hand over bills to Mona before the 5th of every month.
Reimbursements will be processed in the following month.
 